01 http://vimeo.com/46418786 - Channel 4 Tweeser
Channel 4 were after some floaty and organic music to provide a relaxed and uplifting sonic entity for their new ‘4seven’ tweesers. Taking the brief head on, I used soft strings, pulsing electro bass, reversed piano and subtle glitchy percussion to musically reinforce the Channel 4 brand whilst keeping it light enough for heavy rotation.

Broadcast several times a day during ad breaks, these tweesers collate the reaction from newspapers and social media to reflect the popularity of the shows - so get online and get your tweets on TV!

02 http://vimeo.com/44253618 - My Care My Home
Fellow composer Simon Brown and I created this heartfelt acoustic guitar track which has been featured in this simple and yet charming Care Home advert being shown in cinemas and online.

03 http://vimeo.com/43808144 - Virgin Media - WiFi on the London Underground
Virgin Media are providing Londoners with free WiFi on the London Underground this Summer. I composed this driving electronic/orchestral track which they selected to soundtrack their funky and informative animated video.

04 The Apprentice - soundcloud
I composed some orchestral quirks for BBC1’s mega show The Apprentice.  It was an honor to be involved with this as I’ve always been a big fan of the music used on the show. 

Magical Panda Forrest draws on the filmic, epic shots of London whilst The Trundle is a more whimsical theme to make light of the some of the tasks and characters in the show.

05 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJX2RZnfzWE - Google Search Stories - New Dad
Another of Google’s Search Stories, this one charting the story of a new dad. I wanted to amplify the emotion and delicacy of his new born baby with acoustic guitar, strings and glockenspiel. This ad was online in UK and televised in European territories.

06 The Tower- Uzong Films - soundcloud
One of my tracks was used by Motion Picture company Uzong Films in their TV pilot - ‘The Tower’.

07 http://vimeo.com/42757103 - private E4 Slackers Club + soundcloud
I created this pastiche of 1970s horror film music for E4 Slackers Club all packed into a 10 second ident. If you can’t hear it above the cries of those noisy zombies then have a listen here:

08 http://vimeo.com/42756283 - private Google Sizzle Reel
I composed this track for Google who created this video to showcase the future of the company to advertising agencies around the world.  They wanted an elevating and contemporary track that kept momentum and attention throughout.

09 http://vimeo.com/42755467 - private Sky 3D Gold Spot Cinema
This was a musical collaboration I did with some of Jungle’s finest (Mike Bamford, Simon Brown, Lanfranco Gaglione and Rick Morris) providing an uplifting track that ran on the SKY 3D channels and 3D Cinema

10 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOM8wcO9tYc - Google Search Stories - Glastonbury 2010
For part of Google’s Search Stories online campaign, I created this upbeat rock track. The client was after a piece of music that “sounds familiar to the bands that were headlining the festival” - so out came the electric guitars and synthesizers to create this festival sized anthem which brings together the protagonists romantic journey through the festival. Featured on Guardian Online it racked up 120,000 views in 48hours. 

11 http://vimeo.com/42705684 - private Nickelodeon - Martian Moon Marathon
Have you ever wondered what the London Marathon would look like if it were to take place in outer space? Well wonder no more because Nickelodeon have created the ‘Martian Moon Marathon’ in this highly entertaining animation for which I composed the music.I had a lot of fun with this drawing musical inspiration from the many hours I spent glued to the screen playing MarioKart 64. I used a selection of lofi synthesisers and electronic drum pads to maintain that spacey feel with a playful tone that would appeal to a young audience.  


12 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KU9rBMunVJM - Trading Licks
I composed part of the score for short film ‘Trading Licks’ starring Roger Allam (Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, Woman In Black) and Justin Edwards (The Thick of It).

Director Adrian Tanner was after some tongue in cheek 80’s Jazz Fusion to soundtrack the film so as you can imagine, things got pretty funky in the studio whilst I was laying down slap bass lines and jazzy keyboard riffs with one track even featuring a solo from guitar legend John Etheridge.




